.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--
  You are awesome!
  Thanks for contributing to our project, any help is greatly supported! 
  If your PR is merged we will add you to our software credits document (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r-HFww2g-71McWNktCsRq363_n6Pjlog89ZnsTmf3ec/edit?usp=sharing)
  Of course only if you specify us adding you in the checklist
  Please, DO NOT DELETE ANY TEXT from this template! (unless instructed).
-->
## Breaking change
<!--
  If your PR contains a breaking change for existing users, it is important
  to tell them what breaks, how to make it work again and why we did this.
  Note: Remove this section if this PR is NOT a breaking change.
-->


## Proposed change
<!-- 
  Describe the big picture of your changes here to communicate to the
  maintainers why we should accept this pull request. If it fixes a bug
  or resolves a feature request, be sure to link to that issue in the
  additional information section.
-->

## Type of change
<!--
  What type of change does your PR introduce to MPRUN? Check as many as 
  you need.
-->

- [ ] Dependency upgrade
- [ ] Bugfix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New service (thank you!)
- [ ] New feature (which adds functionality to an existing service)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix/feature causing existing functionality to break)
- [ ] Code quality improvements to existing code or addition of tests
- [ ] Documentation or code sample

## Example of code:
<!--
  Supplying a code snippet, makes it easier for a maintainer to test your PR.
  Furthermore, for new services, it gives an impression of how we should use it.
  Note: Remove this section for a dependency upgrade, a bugfix or code quality/test PR.
-->

```python

```

## Additional information
<!--
  Please be sure to fill out additional details, if applicable.
  Note: Remove this section if this PR is NOT related to any issues
-->

- This PR fixes or closes issue: fixes #
- This PR is related to issue: 

## Checklist
<!--
  Put an `x` in the boxes that apply. You can also fill these out after
  creating the PR. If you're unsure about any of them, don't hesitate to ask.
  We're here to help! This is simply a reminder of what we are going to look
  for before merging your code.
-->

- [ ] The code change is tested and works locally.
- [ ] There is no commented out code in this PR.

If user exposed functionality or configuration variables are added/changed:

- [ ] Documentation added/updated to README
- [ ] Add this PR creator (ME) to the software credits

Commit message:

#763 major updates
-added a _credits.txt for software credits
-changed PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
-updates to the about dialog

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--
  You are awesome!
  Thanks for contributing to our project, any help is greatly supported! 
  If your PR is merged we will add you to our software credits document (internal data/_credits.txt)
  This will only happen if you specify us adding you in the checklist below
  Please, DO NOT DELETE ANY TEXT from this template! (unless instructed).
-->
## Breaking change
<!--
  If your PR contains a breaking change for existing users, it is important
  to tell them what breaks, how to make it work again and why we did this.
  Note: Remove this section if this PR is NOT a breaking change.
-->


## Proposed change
<!-- 
  Describe the big picture of your changes here to communicate to the
  maintainers why we should accept this pull request. If it fixes a bug
  or resolves a feature request, be sure to link to that issue in the
  additional information section.
-->

## Type of change
<!--
  What type of change does your PR introduce to MPRUN? Check as many as 
  you need.
-->

- [ ] Dependency upgrade
- [ ] Bugfix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New service (thank you!)
- [ ] New feature (which adds functionality to an existing service)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix/feature causing existing functionality to break)
- [ ] Code quality improvements to existing code or addition of tests
- [ ] Documentation or code sample
- [ ] Installer build instructions (.spec files, or GitHub workflows updates)

## Example of code:
<!--
  Supplying a code snippet, makes it easier for a maintainer to test your PR.
  Furthermore, for new services, it gives an impression of how we should use it.
  Note: Remove this section for a dependency upgrade, a bugfix or code quality/test PR.
-->

```python

```

## Additional information
<!--
  Please be sure to fill out additional details, if applicable.
  Note: Remove this section if this PR is NOT related to any issues
-->

- This PR fixes or closes issue: fixes #
- This PR is related to issue: 

## Checklist
<!--
  Put an `x` in the boxes that apply. You can also fill these out after
  creating the PR. If you're unsure about any of them, don't hesitate to ask.
  We're here to help! This is simply a reminder of what we are going to look
  for before merging your code.
-->

- [ ] The code change is tested and works locally.
- [ ] There is no commented out code in this PR.

If user exposed functionality or configuration variables are added/changed:

- [ ] Documentation added/updated to README
- [ ] Add this PR creator (ME) to the software credits
